So first thing is we need
to go to our type darts and
create a new type called subscription.
And we'll call this a new post and
it's going to have a post
type That's the first thing,
then we go into our resolvers.
And we'll import in the [INAUDIBLE]
implementation from Apollo server.
Man, there we go.
And from, not Apollo server.
PubSub, we'll make a new instance.
So, Like that no options needed.
And from there we need to find our
mutation where we're creating a post,
which is here and you can see it's already
using the pubsub.publish with new posts
and it's passing that post.
So we're good there.
So the only thing we need to do-
>> You might want to camel case that.
>> Camel case which one?
>> PubSub.
>> PubSub, there we go.
Thank you.
Did I do that up here?
Yes I did.
Thank you.
So, you got your publish.
You're adding the event, and
then you're adding the pay low.
The next thing we need to do is
head over to creating resolvers for
the subscription field that we created on
the type deaths, in my case, its new post.
So I'm going to make a resolver for
subscription, new posts.
So I'm out here on my resolvers Phil for
a subscription.
And I want one for newPost, cuz it's
description as an object as a subscribe(),
Method like that.
And then we're gonna use
pubSub.asyncIterator(),
and we wanna subscribe
to the newPost event.
But creating a new post and
subscribing to oppose,
let's just say that you had to be
authenticated for the last one for
subscribing, so we need to add
some authentication for that.
So we'll head over to
the index Inside the context.
The first thing we need to
do is handle the context
differently if you're going to be on using
subscriptions for the incoming request.
So, if context or not that,
if connection then what we wanna do is
we want to, maybe we still want access to
some of this stuff so I'll just make a new
context here, like this, and by default,
does have all the DB stuff in it.
And then if it's a connection,
then I'll just return the context
plus the connection dot context,
spread it over like that.
If it's not, then what I'll do is
I'll just return a new object with
this context, with the user and
create token.
So if connection, make a whole new context
object that has the database stuff on it,
plus whatever context the connection has,
if not,
then we're gonna do what we already had.
That'll handle the context.
The next thing is we need
to add authentication.
So, I'm gonna have subscriptions here,
which is an objects and
then on the connects handler,
which happens every time you connect,
this has to return a truth the value,
otherwise it won't really connect.
So, I'm gonna get something called
params or connection params.
You can call wherever you want.
And i'm basically just gonna use
the same logic I have up here
to figure out if you're authenticated or
not.
So I can say, token instead of headers.
I can just say params.
That authorization.
You can call this whatever you want.
The difference here is on, express req
dot headers and whatever the header is,
is always going to be lowercase,
no matter what the header is coming
in at lowercase is it where's
this is going to be explicit.
So if you on the client side at
authorization, with an uppercase a,
it's probably gonna be
uppercase a here as well.
It's not normalized like headers are.
So that's the difference.
Take note of that.
So maybe because of that distinction,
you might call this something else like
off token just to
differentiate between the two.
And then for the user,
we have the same thing.
And then the difference with this is
whatever you return on onConnect,
this gets merged with the context object.
So if you return an object here, in this
case, I want the user, whatever this
object is, gets merged whatever the object
that's what this context.connection is.
It's whatever got returned here.
So this context.connection is the result
of the onConnect returning something.
Everybody follow me?
Cool, so now,
what we'll do is start this up,
let me make sure I don't have anything
running, which I do, get rid of that.
Start this up.
Cool, nothing broke.
That's always a good sign.
Close one of these refresh.
So now if I try to subscribe
to newPost like this,
and I want to get a post message and
ID if I try to,
hit play I guess I already
have a token in there.
Yeah, I got something in here.
Let me get rid of this stuff.
There we go. So if I hit
play that should actually break.
I expect that to break right now.
Hold up.
You're returning an object that's got
an undefined parameter inside of it but
not throwing, returning falsy.
>> All see, where was that?
Where do you see that?
>> On Connect?
>> That's
>> Server You're always returning the
>> That's right.
That's right.
Yeah, I'm always I'm trippin.
Yeah, so
let's say we wanted to throw a new error.
I actually want you all to observe this.
Nop, if not user
>> Thrown in there.
There we go.
Cool.
Want you to observe that okay, cool.
Let's try that again.
Start this up.
Try this one more time.
And you can see I get the error for
not been authenticated.
Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope.
So, Maybe subscriptions on Connect.
Maybe you handed out a little handle
that a little differently than you do
resolvers.
Maybe you always had to be authenticated.
And you probably wanna shut it down.
So you throw an error.
But if you don't wanna
globally shut it down and
maybe subscriptions you do,
then you can do what we did here.
So I wanted to make
that distinctive point.
But cool, we got that.
And then now, we can go ahead and
try our subscription.
So we got the newPost going here, let's
start that again, no errors this time.
We'll make a new tab, we go to
localhost:4000, make a new mutation here.
I guess I need to sign up first or.
Yeah, I'll just sign up.
I don't have a credentials for sign in.
So we'll sign up, get a token.
Get the inputs call it that the auth.
I'll get the token here and
then this takes in auth
like that, and
that's gonna be a sign up input
dollar sign like that,
it needs to add some variables for
the off, which will be an email And
a password.
And a role.
Cool, so we'll sign up.
Grab this token here, just like that.
And then now, we can do our
mutation where we create a post.
So mutation NewPost.
I think it's called createPost, actually.
There we go, createPost, those are inputs.
Make a variable for a post,
which will be a newPost input.
I'm guessing, that's gotta be it.
Assign that to the variable here,
post and a variable here called
posts that takes in a message like this
only it takes, hello there at our headers
Which is just our token that we have here
and we should be able to create a post.
So we'll do that.
Well, so post created if we
go back to the playground,
you can see I'm getting Nope, nope.
Wait, hold on.
Why is this thing never scroll?
I don't like things never scroll.
But the reason we're not getting here is
because we haven't sent up the auth token
on the subscription side, so it doesn't
even have a user anything like that.
So we have to send that up.
So now we got to do ops not that.
Let's restart this, there we go.
So now an HTTP headers here.
We have to supply the same thing that we
had on the index, which was auth token.
So we need to supply an auth token which is
the same auth token that we had before.
So we'll say auth token like this.
Paste in that JWT we got that.
Hit the subscribe.
Now if we hit play on this,
we go back, we get the message.
So if I do another one.
Another one there,
we get another message.
I like it.
So you can use like socket IO for
this stuff to like,
I guess any transport any protocol works.
So it's pretty flexible.
Whatever you want to use.